= Example for using mail_form and reCaptcha in Rails 3

Author:: Tilo Sloboda (http://www.unixgods.org/)
Copyright:: Copyright (C) 2011 Tilo Sloboda
License:: {MIT}[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT/]
Home:: http://www.unixgods.org/~tilo/Ruby/mail_form_example_with_recaptcha.html
Git:: git://github.com/tilo/mail_form_example_with_recaptcha.git

== mail_form Gem

The mail_form gem allows you to create forms directly in Rails 3 without a database backend. 
As soon as you submit the form, it get emailed to an address you specify.

You might have read about the mail_form gem either on the web or in the book "Crafting Rails Applications".
 * https://github.com/plataformatec/mail_form
 * http://pragprog.com/titles/jvrails/crafting-rails-applications

Unfortunately this example is incomplete:
 * http://www.arailsdemo.com/posts/43

== reCaptcha Gem

The recaptcha gem allows you to make sure that a human (not a bot) is submitting your forms.
The recaptcha gem uses Google's ReCAPTCHA service.  ReCAPTCHA is a free CAPTCHA service that helps to 
digitize books, newspapers and old time radio shows.

  * https://github.com/ambethia/recaptcha
  * http://www.google.com/recaptcha/learnmore
  * https://www.google.com/recaptcha/admin/create

== Getting Started

1. Clone this repository
       gem clone git://github.com/tilo/mail_form_example_with_recaptcha.git

2. Set-Up a reCaptcha account with Google
   By default, your reCAPTCHA key is restricted to the specified domain, and any subdomains for additional security. 
   This is why you need to sign-up, to get your API-key for your specific domain.
       https://www.google.com/recaptcha/admin/create

3. Customize this example to fit your needs:
   * add your reCaptcha account information
   * add your email settings



